hey what's up guys it's me the sole
purpose coming at you with another
sneaker review today I'm gonna be
reviewing the love of the game sevens
they came out today Friday the 13th
August the 13th 2010 these are them he's
my 2004 version I'll show you the
similarities likes and dislikes in my
version I got the Hat two of them so I
mean I'm not gonna be much of a review I
already have actually these reviewed but
here's going to show you the difference
to the shoes let's start in the toe box
for example um if you look at the old
fours this is way bigger the stitching
comparing to the 2010 the side panel the
silver is way darker on this mm intense
now here's the number one thing I
noticed the minute I looked at than when
I got them if you look at that red and
you look at this red it's two different
shades of red I mean on the box if you
look at that and if you look at this the
books a true red but that red and that
red is two different shades of red I
mean I can see that the nines
little bit different just a little tilt
from the right to the left that's the
way it was in the original formulation
of the Snickers when they first came out
I mean the tongue is pretty much the
same and you know both insoles are red
will white Jumpman logos
these have the jump men on the tongue
you know the new tags pretty much it's
all right it's not the same quality the
back is totally different you know this
one I think is way lower this one is
higher some of the holes right here
comparing to the holes right here these
are way bigger way bigger I mean all
around I think they're both pretty dope
I like the hats
and yep 2010 love of the game these are
the 2004 Olympic sevens I actually woke
up at like 5 o'clock in the morning to
get these so I've been up mostly the
whole day now all the whole morning I
should say but anyhow that's my review
you know pretty much the same thing as
my old ones not much of a difference
just quality was it ain't better than
these like I'm gonna just tell you
straight up it's nowhere near better
than the old force but you know it's
2010 and this is what you get so oh well
what can you do about it
anyhow hope you guys enjoyed I was
actually gonna do some footage of the
camp out there was like only 10 people I
actually should have started recording
cuz like a fight almost broke down I was
trying to like tell people like dude you
know you guys are over 18 like act
civilized there's 30 pairs there's only
like 12 people here but you know
everybody wants to fight for the top and
I'm almost funny as the dude who was
arguing with the other dude he was
arguing for somebody else that wasn't
even making a big deal of his spot
because he knew he was gonna get his
sneakers I don't know I just wish I had
it on camera you guys would have been
dying what oh well stuff happens but
anyhow hope you enjoyed the video um
hope you enjoy the compare answers and
hope you enjoy the Hat but anyhow hope
you guys enjoy the video once again and
remember to Like comment and subscribe
and stay tuned for the giveaway this
month I will be doing it this month
don't worry about it haven't forgot
about it
and yeah guys have a pleasant day and a
pleasant night and peace